hello guys ready for a new forming spot
it's an x2 city of blood you can choose
the difficulty you want start game go to
road roller cornice then go down here
there might be a goblin or chest there
is no chest now let's sex better luck
next time go up here open the cages kill
these guys piece of cake go in here
first open the cages here as well
sometimes their chest here can open that
chest then might have a nice drop kill
all these guys there we go Oh a yellow
one is nice usually there is a there are
two elite packs fight em pulse
I hope there is there are two elite bags
now as well maybe they were here no ok
let's keep moving in go up here
sometimes this seller is opened go in
there if it's open look for more chest
chest or leads nope there are known
right now go in here for a both sides
and kill a boss the boss yeah the pose
like those yes you might wanna get some
AOE damage for these guys
and chill this annoying yeah oh yeah for
heirs it's nice no other blues magics
magic items whoo my backpack is already
full well then teleport back to the town
and sell your stuff that's basically it
that's the farming spot all right guys
hope it helped it's not really suture I
profit you get but it's fun to do if
you're bored of one form spot and i'll
see you guys next time later